# Glossary


Below are the terms that will be used across this manual.

1. **Ticket -** Any request that comes into Helpdesk is converted into a ticket and stored for further action.

2. **Ticket ID -** A unique identification for all tickets. This ID is generated by Wordpress.

3. **Ticket Status -** The nature of a ticket during its lifetime.

4. **Ticket Author-** Any user/customer on whose request/mail ticket is created.

5. ** Ticket Page - ** The web interface for a ticket.

6. **Follow-up/Reply -** A comment added by staff or customer to a ticket. This comment can have attachement of various file types.

7. ** Roles ** - Collection of access rights to various managerial or ticket based permissions. Like Admin, Staff (default)

8. **Staff -** The support team that is part of organisation which has setup Helpdesk for its customers.

9. **Subscriber -** Someone who only wants to get notifications about the follow-ups added to a ticket.

10. **Assignee -** The helpdesk staff to whom the ticket has been assigned.

11.  ** Administrator - ** The user who has setup Helpdesk and/or who has been assigned Admin rights to the Helpdesk module.

12. **Client/Customer -** A person who has bought a product from an organisation.

13. **Product -** Any product/service that the organisation is selling.

14. ** Notifications ** - Email alerts sent to staff and ticket authors on various actions on a ticket.

15. ** Reports ** - Analytical data on tickets based on filters selected.

16. ** Comment Type ** - Comment assigned with some specific visibility.

17. ** Blacklist Email ** - Any email address which has been barred by Administrator from creating any ticket.

18. ** Hash URL ** - A unique link generated for each ticket.

19. ** Support Page ** - A page with support form setup using the helpdesk short code. This form is used by the customer to send support queries.

20. ** Notification templates ** - Predefined text to be used in notifications mails.










